## Deploying new Strategy for trading with `RouteProcessorOrderBookV3ArbOrderTaker` contract
Goal
- Deploy strategy to periodically buy and sell NHT <-> USDT tokens. 
### Setup Environment
- Update all the package dependencies with : 
```sh
npm install 
```
- Create a .env file at the project root and add the following to the file 
``` 
# Unprefixed private Key of the account to deploy from. 
DEPLOYMENT_KEY= 
# Public key of the bot wallet.
BOT_ADDRESS= 

# Alchmey keys for supported networks
ALCHEMY_KEY_MUMBAI=
ALCHEMY_KEY_POLYGON=
ALCHEMY_KEY_SEPOLIA=
ALCHEMY_KEY_ETHEREUM= 


# Blockscanner api keys for the supported networks.
POLYGONSCAN_API_KEY=
ETHERSCAN_API_KEY=
```

Once you have ennvironment setup, follow the steps : 

#### Deploying Contracts.

The script clones the contract deployed on one network to another. 
To deploy contracts **run** the following command in shell from the **root of the project**.

```sh
ts-node scripts-v3/deployContracts.ts --from mumbai --to polygon
```
Where arguments for the script are:

- `--from, -f <network name>` : Network name of originating network. Any of ["mumbai","sepolia","polygon"]. Usally this will be a test network.
- `--to, -t <network name>` : Network name of target network where new contract is to be deployed.Any of ["mumbai","sepolia","polygon"]. Usally this will be a main network for a chain.

Wait for all the contracts to be deployed and verified.

#### Deploying Strategy.

Before deploying the strategy, double check that the Orderbook and ZeroEx contracts are deployed on the target network (Polygon mainnet), and the corresponding addresses are updated in `scripts-v3/v3-config.json`.

To deploy strategy **run** the following command in your shell from the **root of the project** :

```sh
ts-node scripts-v3/deployStrategyNP.ts --to polygon 
```

Where arguments for the script are:

- `--to, -t <target-network-name>` : Target network to deploy the strategy to.

Wait for the transaction to be confirmed. 

The output of the command will look something like this : 
```
Deploying Sushi Sell Strategy with Native Parser...

--------------------------------
✅ Sell Startegy Deployed At : 0xf2a80849a9f2bc6f0d51836362e28e1aeb6be49e7bdec643ae2cf8485734fa44
Vault ID used for the startegy : 0x2a5f8b466dd8f158bc5c502d9ed427eec79977b881ccbf5a5ed42d056a369423
Use the above vault id to deposit and withdraw from the strategy
--------------------------------

Deploying Sushi Buy Strategy with Native Parser...

--------------------------------
✅ Buy Startegy Deployed At : 0x163aab2be9b6a9b91689d449457cb2d09e90dafc98954b40aa3a4731138f8ecc
Vault ID used for the startegy : 0x2a5f8b466dd8f158bc5c502d9ed427eec79977b881ccbf5a5ed42d056a369423
Use the above vault id to deposit and withdraw from the strategy
--------------------------------
```
- You will notice that a vault id is generated for the strategy. Here both strategies have the same vault Id.
```
Vault ID used for the startegy : 0x2a5f8b466dd8f158bc5c502d9ed427eec79977b881ccbf5a5ed42d056a369423` 
``` 
This vault id will be used to deposit to the strategies and withdraw from it. 

#### Depositing Tokens into the vault.

Deposit some tokens into the vault. First make sure that the wallet has a sufficient balance of the tokens you'd like to deposit.

To deposit tokens run the following command in your shell from the **root of the project**

```sh
ts-node scripts-v3/deposit.ts --to polygon --token NHT --amount <NHT-Amount> --vault <hex-string>
```

Where arguments for the script are :

- `--to, -t <taget-network-name>` : Target network.
- `--token, tk <token symbol>` : Symbol of the token to be deposited. Any of ['USDT','NHT']
- `--amount, -a <token-amount>` : Amount of tokens to deposit. Eg : To deposit 5.2 NHT this value will be 5.2. To deposit 3.001 USDT this value will be 3.001 . 
- `--vault` : Hexadeciaml string representing the vault id to deposit. 

Wait for the transaction to be confirmed.The amount will be deposited 

#### Withdraw Tokens from the vault.

Withdrawing tokens that you have deposited.

To withdraw tokens run the following command in your shell from the **root of the project**

```sh
ts-node scripts-v3/withdraw.ts --from polygon --token USDT --amount <USDT-Amount> --vault <hex-string>
```

Where arguments for the script are :

- `--from, -f <network-name>` : Network where strategy is deployed and tokens are deposited
- `--token, tk <token symbol>` : Symbol of the token to be withdrawn. Any of ['USDT','NHT']
- `--amount, -a <token-amount>` : Amount of tokens to withdraw. Eg : To withdraw 5.2 NHT this value will be 5.2 . To withdraw 3.001 USDT this value will be 3.001 .
- `--vault` : Hexadeciaml string representing the vault id to withdraw from. 

Wait for the transaction to be confirmed.The amount will be withdrawn.  

#### Removing an Order : 
- To deactivate an order from the orderbook you can run the following command : 
```sh
 ts-node scripts-v3/removeOrder.ts --from <network> --tx-hash <transaction-hash>
``` 
where : 
- `--from, -f <network-name>` : Network where order was deployed.
- `--tx-hash` : Transaction hash of the order. 
Wait for the transaction to be confirmed. The order will be removed from the orderbook. 


